this is a quick update for supporters on
patreon not that there's anything secret
about it I just assumed that nobody on
the internet would care or aside from my
supporters on patreon we just bought the
airplane tickets and made the bookings
for a first Department to relocate to
the island of Taiwan just over one month
from now approximately one month and ten
days Melissa is smiling like a Cheshire
Cat you're gonna smell so goddamn bug
aren't you going Tamara I don't blame
you but I don't know yes senior yeah
smiling like the Joker mends my yeah my
you're smiling the Joker who got Batman
in a cage no okay okay oh okay
so you're sitting in cool um no no it's
cool good school lean in lean in um so
look you know in the past I've made
warnings like oh I'm gonna be so busy
I'm hardly gonna make any YouTube videos
and then I do like four videos a week
you've been watching you watch your
video long enough you you live through
several peers that before you even met
me was like oh look guys I'm really busy
so but that was not the only that was a
long time but I've been through several
different transitions my life now one of
the reasons for that is that when I'm
exhausted and busy it's actually easy
for me to make youtube videos it I did a
video time with us recently you know
making YouTube it was a lot easier than
you think it is and when you have a lot
going on your life taking 15 minutes to
record a monologue of what's on your
mind is easy however what I think this
really does delay is the transition to
the new model I already announced over
my other channel AR IO so since we got
to Victoria I went to the library once
and the library was really disappointing
but I was going to that library getting
geared up for you know really digging
into doing more active research and
presenting in foreign opinion so I want
to transition what I'm doing here
to be greater in depth and to really
cover more political content in a
systematic way just to give you guys one
example I want to start reading
Times of India recently I could change
mine I would like to read some of the
major newspapers of India say once a
week set up a schedule I can't read the
newspaper from India every day but you
know I make a list India Singapore you
know Japan obviously Taiwan where I'm
got a list of publications where every
week I'm scanning and keeping a table
what's going on internationally and then
obviously I hope I do some more in-depth
reading of some other kinds Melissa
pointed out actually this t-shirt is
actually a an echo of our brief period
of time in Vancouver and the dream that
was lost there let me step by step we've
lost all the things that tied us to
Canada if any of you are in Canada and
want some of our secondhand goods we're
gonna be throwing away or giving away or
selling um you know a lot of the baking
equipment we amassed here or some of the
heavy cooking and baking equipment
because when we moved here we had very
different education and career plans
that are now out the window now for you
my viewers on YouTube or my supporters
on patreon I do think this is all for
the best I think you know the quality of
content you're going to get is only
gonna increase um however for the next
one month I don't even think the number
of videos I'm gonna upload is gonna
decrease I think though it's gonna kind
of be more of the same it's gonna be
more like the old Abela CL and I'm not
yet gonna be able to make the transition
into what I want to do with active
research really being a component where
it's not just me talking about my
opinion but it's like hey guys I did a
stack of reading on this issue and guess
what I found
in some ways a humble enough thing but I
do actually really have a sense of you
know really doing a kind of community
service and I really feel like sorry for
me as someone who wants to watch and
read politics on the internet it's
really depressing what's available out
there yeah go for you as a member the
audience man or someone looking for
political content yeah right there will
like okay like there's Jimmy Dore but
then for the continent of Asia like we
watch one YouTube channel called Formosa
English news
each video is about 30 seconds long it's
good but it's just little new-snippets
ya-ya-ya-ya-ya there is very very little
for the whole continent of Asia and even
for Europe and North America the
pickings are really slim so that's
something that I feel is valuable to a
lot of people and it's something I would
value doing myself didn't want us what
you do so the other thing I was gonna
mention is Chinese I just wrote an email
now in Chinese very casually and in two
minutes and it really makes me feel oh
wow you know like I still have this high
level of ability in the language but as
many of you will know when I think I
will maybe even tomorrow do a video
discussing this Taiwan uses traditional
Chinese a different rating system for
the language their manner of speaking is
also significantly different so to give
an example that word for garbage is they
just have a completely different word
for garbage can then the word used in
Communist China
that's not like because of communism the
Congress probably did have a secret plan
for that some other words were because
of communism like the word for landlord
there's so much like that that changed
her slightly political reasons um but
you know I made you a video time with
that but in terms of what happens in the
next one month I definitely am still
going to be making videos on a bela CL
and maybe will make some more videos
talking about learning Chinese and work
in the language but also I think I
should suddenly now put more emphasis in
priority I'm working on Chinese as a
language so the other subject for me to
make videos about probably in this month
is also my divorce which is linked to
and impacts all of my travel plans I
finally got some of the key divorce
documents translated from French into
English how much does that cost $2,500
it was a lot of fun yeah and I don't
have all of them there are some other
documents I have an intern so there's
some documents were in Chinese in a
number trends in English there's a
project for you um but you know gotta
talk about that and in very broad
brushstrokes I've gotten menacing emails
from my ex-wife now suggesting that like
I'm not gonna hear from my daughter
again and legally she's not in a
position to do that but we don't know
what it means and you know that's linked
to our travel it's linked to other
things so again I think for my YouTube
Ewing Rd
this is all basically good news whether
or not it's good news in my life is
another question real briefly months has
already heard me say this to a whole lot
of people you see me say it in both
English and in Chinese but people ask
about the move I really routinely say
well you know it's it's really a hundred
percent positive from Melissa maybe it's
only sixty percent positive for me maybe
it's seventy percent positive for me
it's definitely going to be very
intellectually stimulating for me to be
back in Taiwan but it is true at age
forty preparing to turn fifty preparing
to turn sixty this is not really what I
wanted to be doing at this juncture my
life but it is a hundred percent
positive for Melissa and for me it is
probably more positive than negative one
thing you got to do when you hit age
forty paradoxically enough is switch
from having a product centered view of
your life to a process centered view
because you only got process left if I
blow six years getting a PhD the process
is the product that's six years of my
life I'll never get back I'm not really
gonna do very much the PhD so I've got
to start living my life today the way I
would if I already had a PhD anyway and
that's why as I said I want to devote
myself as never before to active
research and a fourth opinion and maybe
I'm gonna be able to bring my audience
news from China
you know sources written in Chinese that
otherwise though the Western world and
people on YouTube are not really getting
access to they're always interested in
controversy slipping around I hope I can
reach a larger audience by taking on
more political material we all know
there's the danger that I'm really gonna
reach a much much smaller audience but
you know I'm very pleased to have played
the role that I did please yeah I'm very
pleased to play the role I did play
within the vegan movement in the last
five years and there is a vegan movement
in Taiwan and maybe you know will be
able to join in some positive stuff
there but on the other hand you know
I've never wanted to be someone who's
treading water I've never want to be
someone who's repeating myself and for
me the way out of that kind of
repetition is to get into deeper and
more meaningful content of a more
explicitly political kind and where I
really feel I'm serving a
I'm doing a public service to do
something very positive for the audience
directly through research and sharing my
you have been well that's right this is
your first time going to Taiwan and
Melissa is going to be in a role as a
full-time student this also relates to
Melissa right Melissa just got a formal
credential as an English teacher she
already was an experienced and qualified
English teacher but you just got another
piece of paper on top of that a
certificate saying I can teach English
second language and you're gonna get
certified to some extent as a student of
Chinese and she'll be formally studying
and I will not so again that's very
positive for my YouTube audience that
I'm I'm gonna have an open schedule and
a lot of that should go into research
and content creation and yeah I mean
babe you know up to just a short time
ago I thought you know melissa is 26 so
there's a lot of talk lately about how
emotionally mature and self-sufficient
or that any person should be at 26 years
old I thought it would actually be
really positive for her to go over and
attempt the trip alone just you know get
set up and so on but you know I thought
if she just had a couple of months until
one alone and might might be a but no
I'm apparently I'm I've been I've been
roped into it
hey so you get it easy because they're
traveling with me you're travelling with
someone who already speaks Chinese and
already has a lot of experience it's
true a lot of experience living in an
exploring Taiwan logically that would
make sense for me to get the experience
and try to write you know right but this
will maybe enable you to buckle down and
focus focus and make the most out of the
experience in other ways so guys that is
our boring update on our lives and I
think that all of it does link to what
we're doing you're on patreon what we're
doing on YouTube stay tuned